# Change Log

All notable changes to the "json-to-go" extension will be documented in this file.

## [1.3.0]

- added recommended linter rules

fix:
- bug in type library and refactor it to a more sensible implementation which should fix [#6](https://github.com/maracko/json-to-go-vsc/issues/6)
- minor bug that could affect text replace range when pasting


## [1.2.1]

- modified saved conversions format a bit to make it cleaner
- fixed readme link pointing to old release

## [1.2.0]

- updated the readme animation to include keystrokes
- github release notes won't duplicate version number in the body anymore

fix:

- broken import in the test suite
- typo where Promise being returned was awaited
- removed all references to the unused listener `onDidChangeActiveTextEditor`

## [1.1.0]

- added github actions ci/cd

fix:

- various minor bugfixes and refactors

## [1.0.201]

fix:

- paste integration will correctly handle UNIX/WIN EOL's and minified JSON

## [1.0.200]

fix:

- paste integration will now trigger only on complex types, removing useless triggers returning "type Autogenerated string" or similar, also improved the text replacement range logic

- update readme

## [1.0.103]

- cleanup the dispose process of globals
- add back gif instead of video in readme

## [1.0.102]

hotfix:

- typo in initCtx

## [1.0.1]

hotfix:

- workspace showing up as "undefined" inside saved conversions markdown files

## [1.0.0]

This is it! The big 1.0. For a long time there haven't been any updates but this is a big one. Hopefully you all enjoy them. This unfortunately also brings a reset of all settings for existing users,and removes the context menu entry, but I promise it's worth it.

- Automatically convert pasted text into go type. Just copy JSON into a .go file and watch the magic! (ctrl|cmd)+z allows you to easily undo the change.
  There are some additional settings you can configure like being prompted for type name before the conversion happens (on by default)
- Save conversion to your home folder. New setting will allow you to have a history of all conversions in simple markdown files containing source and result of the run.
- Updated mholt/json-to-go to its current master branch
- Switch to yarn
- Output selection. Now includes clipboard, current file and the previous default temporary file(now editor only, not tmp in filesystem)
  - The old `inputSource` setting has been renamed to `input` under the `io` key
- Improved error handling, now including more and more detailed messages
- Refactors pretty much the entire code and fixes existing bug prone code such as the use of setTimeout. Also adds documentation to pretty much everything
- You can now set custom type name and be prompted for one when pasting
- Add omitEmpty to JSON tags
- You can disable auto select of type name which was occurring before
- Clean sample test runner and add jest unit test for type function
- Context menu setting removed
- Reset all settings for users of v0.3.1 or lower

## [0.3.1]

- Update mholt/json-to-go dep. to latest version

## [0.3.0]

- Now supports converting from clipboard. On first run it will ask you the data source.
  Afterwards it will offer to save your selection (or to never bother you with the 'remember choice' again).
  Data source can always be changed in the extension settings.
- You can now easily show the context menu always by including `"*"` inside the `json-to-go.contextMenu.supportedLanguages` setting array.
- Moved readme images inside the repo.
- Added license.

## [0.0.2]

### Added

- You can now configure whether structs should be in-line or not
- Choose languages in which JSON to Go command will be avaliable with a custom array
- After execution type name will automatically be selected so you can change it

## [0.0.1]

### Initial release
